Ratelimit 1.x docs (#1898)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/security/rate_limiting/rulepriority/_index.md

Now open an editor to modify your rate limit server config:
```shell script
glooctl edit settings --namespace gloo-system --name default ratelimit server-config
```

And paste the example config:

{{< readfile file="security/rate_limiting/rulepriority/serverconfig.yaml" markdown="true">}}

Run the following two times; you should get HTTP 429 Too Many Requests on the second request.
```shell script
curl -H "x-type: Messenger" -H "x-number: 311" --head $(glooctl proxy url)
```

Run the following two times; you should get HTTP 429 Too Many Requests on the second request.
```shell script
curl -H "x-type: Whatsapp" -H "x-number: 311" --head $(glooctl proxy url)
```

By changing the number we can match the more specific rule that has a higher priority.

Run the following a couple times:
```shell script
curl -H "x-type: Whatsapp" -H "x-number: 411" --head $(glooctl proxy url)
```

Requests to number `411` have a much higher rate limit, and will not return HTTP 429 unless more than 100 requests
are sent within a minute. Note that this wouldn't work without rule priority (play around with the server settings

> to test this!) because our requests would match the inner Whatsapp rule (Rule 2) that limits all requests to 2/min,

Reviewer: is it 2/min?
It looks like we set it to 1/min in the config.

 - key: type
   value: Messenger
   rateLimit:
     requestsPerUnit: 1
     unit: MINUTE
 # Rule 2, limit all Whatsapp requests to 1/min
 - key: type
   value: Whatsapp
   rateLimit:
     requestsPerUnit: 1
     unit: MINUTE
   descriptors:
   # Rule 3, limit all Whatsapp requests to number '411' to 100/min
   - key: number
     rateLimit:
       requestsPerUnit: 100
       unit: MINUTE
     value: "411"
     weight: 1 # Rule 3 takes priority over other rules
```

Each descriptor with a rate limit defines a rule to be considered during rate-limiting. When a request comes into Envoy,
rate limit actions are applied to the request to generate a list of descriptor tuples that are sent to the rate limit
server. The rate limit server evaluates each descriptor tuple to its full depth, ignoring any tuples that don't have
matching rules.

If any descriptor tuple matches a rule that requires rate limiting then the entire request returns HTTP 429 Too Many 
Requests. This is a strict requirement that rule priority lets us get around.

In Gloo Enterprise 1.x, Gloo added the `weight` (default 0) and `alwaysApply` (default `false`) configuration options
to the `Descriptor` definition:

> - all rules with the highest weight are processed, if any of these rules trigger rate limiting then the entire request

Reviewer 2: Can we elaborate a bit more on this part? It is not clear to me what the behavior is when I have different descriptors with different weights, in particular what happens if there is no match on the descriptor(s) with the highest weight; in that case, do we check the descriptor(s) with the next-highest weight? From the examples below I think the answer is yes, but I think it might be good to be more explicit here.

will return a 429. Rules that are not considered for rate limiting are ignored in the rate limit server, and their
request count is not incremented in the rate limit server cache.

> - `alwaysApply` is a boolean override for rule priority via weighted rules. Any rule with `alwaysApply` set to `true` will

Reviewer 2: Could you maybe expand the example configuration to include a descriptor with `alwaysApply`?

Author: I thought it was better to omit it, to keep the example as simple and illustrative as possible.

The feature is quite simple, and once weighted rules are understood it's quite easy to understand when/why you might want to use it and how to configure it.

# Test the Example

Open an editor to modify your rate-limit client config:
```shell script
glooctl edit virtualservice --namespace gloo-system --name default ratelimit client-config
```
And paste the example config:

{{< readfile file="security/rate_limiting/rulepriority/vsconfig.yaml" markdown="true">}}

Now open an editor to modify your rate-limit server config:
```shell script
glooctl edit settings --namespace gloo-system --name default ratelimit server-config
```

And paste the example config:

{{< readfile file="security/rate_limiting/rulepriority/serverconfig.yaml" markdown="true">}}

Run the following two times; you should get HTTP 429 Too Many Requests on the second request.
```shell script
curl -H "x-type: Messenger" -H "x-number: 311" --head $(glooctl proxy url)
```

Run the following two times; you should get HTTP 429 Too Many Requests on the second request.
```shell script
curl -H "x-type: Whatsapp" -H "x-number: 311" --head $(glooctl proxy url)
```

By changing the number we can match the more specific rule that has a higher priority.

Run the following a couple times:
```shell script
curl -H "x-type: Whatsapp" -H "x-number: 411" --head $(glooctl proxy url)
```

> Requests to number `411` have a much higher rate limit, and will not return HTTP 429 after a couple curls. Note that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Requests to number `411` have a much higher rate limit, and will not return HTTP 429 unless more than 100 requests are sent within a minute. Note that
```
